[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: As
a species, humanity
has come to some
critical decisions.
One is how far we're willing
to go to lengthen our lives
and retain youth.
I'm speaking about the
technological interface
between human and inorganic
technology, transhumanism.
William Henry is here with us
today to share his evidence
that this potential was
known of in ancient times
and even referenced in
the Bible, but in the end,
we must make our own decisions.
That's what the
book says, right?
>>WILLIAM HENRY: That's
right, absolutely.
>>REGINA: "The
Skingularity is Near"
but we need to talk
about this for a moment
because much ado has been
made about this book, which
you-- it's free.
It's a download off your site.
But in the community at large
and everything catches fire
in the conspiracy community,
people made comment on it
before they actually
read it and didn't
know where you were
coming from and this
has been uncomfortable.
>>HENRY: Well, it's created
a kind of a kerfuffle.
>>REGINA: A kerfuffle, yes.
>>HENRY: Where, people, they
think-- they're automatically
terrified of the subject
because they're not
empowered with knowledge.
And what I tried to do with my
book "The Skingularity is Near"
is to say, here is drawn
from the headlines,
drawn from corporate
reports, here
is where we are going with this.
This is what is
happening today and here
is the trajectory
of it, without me
trying to interject my
own personal view on it.
My goal was to educate,
to give it 110 pages.
If you can spend a half
hour or an hour sitting down
looking at this, you're going
to be up to speed on this issue.
But the problem
is a lot of people
that are commenting
on it and were coming
at me had not read my book.
And they were calling
me like, some kind
of an artificial
intelligence prophet, that I
was advocating transhumanism.
And I'm thinking, who
are they talking about?
Because the thing is, it's a
nuanced subject, is the thing.
And so I try to cover
both sides because who
am I to tell someone, you
can't have a pacemaker.
No, you can't have any kind
of augmentation to your body.
>>REGINA: We're
going to really talk
about this toward the
end of the interview.
I'll make sure we
have the time to look
at just how nuanced it is.
And unfortunately, when it
comes to really dramatic issues,
I think we have a very--
we have a nuanced audience
that we're talking to right now.
But oftentimes, there
isn't that in the thinking.
It's really looking for a
bow-tied answer or position
with some kind of guru
leading the way or someone
people admire.
And so there's really
no room in a lot
of subjects that have any charge
around it for an actual debate.
It doesn't really exist.
>>HENRY: But let
me say, I am not
an advocate of transhumanism.
>>REGINA: I know.
>>HENRY: I'm an advocate
of human potential
and especially,
spiritual potential.
And what I see is
that people are simply
unaware of how advanced
our technology is
and that the decisions
we're making today
will affect all
future generations.
Transhumanism, along
with globalism,
transnationalism are
entwined and they
are the two critical
issues of our present time.
>>REGINA: Is that what drove
you to write this book?
>>HENRY: Yes, it is.
Well, I was also seeing--
>>REGINA: Because you have an
interesting interface with it
from your other work.
So let's talk about
the whole inspiration.
How this examination came to be.
>>HENRY: In 2002, I was
writing my book "Cloak
of the Illuminati," which
was about this power cloak
or garment that was worn
by the ancient gods.
It gave them superhuman powers.
They could become invisible.
They could leap over
buildings, power of levitation.
And along the way, I learned
about a government conference
in Hawaii where the US
Government brought together
leading technologists for a
major conference on technology.
And the US Government
advocated then,
that four technologies were
going to merge into one.
These were bits, atoms,
neurons, and genes.
Computer technology,
nanotechnology, neuroscience,
and genetic technology, which
are separate disciplines.
But the US Government brought
these technologies together,
all the leading
companies, and said,
we want all of those to
become one seamless technology
that is aimed at the skin.
And along with it, they
also advocated the promotion
of the concept of the
hive mind, that they
were going to then be promoting
to the American people.
These technologies, bits,
atoms, neurons, and genes, BANG,
were aimed at the human skin,
according to this report.
And at this same time is
when MIT, the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology,
began developing
the new super soldier program
and the super soldier suit.
And I said, wait a minute.
MIT's saying, we're
going to build
a new skin for our
military that's
going to enable these guys
to leap over buildings.
They're going to be resistant to
ballistic and chemical attack.
>>REGINA: And disease.
>>HENRY: And disease and
they're going to be invisible.
And I'm like, wait a minute.
That's exactly the
same as the power
cloak that the Anunnaki
are said to have worn.
This transmittable power
garment that Elijah wore,
that he reclaimed
as John the Baptist,
that he transmitted to Jesus.
It's like, wait a minute,
what's going on here?
This is a retooling of
this ancient concept.
>>REGINA: But one was
spiritually-induced and
organic.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: This one is not.
>>HENRY: That is the difference.
In the ancient
world, this garment
was acquired through alchemy,
through the transmutation
of the elements, especially
the human element.
And to the alchemist,
our body is
composed of earth, air, fire,
and water, the four elements,
plus the fifth element, spirit.
And as I analyzed this, I
said, well, wait a minute.
Bits, atoms, neurons,
and genes, these
are digital versions of
earth, air, fire, and water.
What's missing in this
conversation in Silicon Valley
was spirit.
>>REGINA: Spirit, consciousness.
>>HENRY: There's
nothing spiritual
or conscious about this at all.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: But they
would argue differently.
>>HENRY: You're
absolutely right.
Dr. Ray Kurzweil wrote a book
called "The Singularity is
Near." he is Google's
technology guru
and he believes, as
did Steve Jobs of Apple
as well, that their mission
is to infuse technology
with spirit.
They believe that they
are perfecting God's work.
They view the human body
as imperfect, incomplete,
sort of like God baked the cake.
>>REGINA: Vulnerable.
>>HENRY: Vulnerable, fragile.
>>REGINA: It expires.
>>HENRY: Yeah, it expires.
And they're saying, well,
OK, so God baked the cake.
We're going to put
the icing on it.
And then we're going
to freeze it in time.
So then it doesn't
age and it has
all these souped-up
capabilities as well.
>>REGINA: You know, just
when I was reading your book
and thinking about this, I
thought the exquisite nature
of the human body.
The ability of these
cells to essentially
be bathed in the ability
to exchange information,
not just with each other but
with the entire environment.
Not only our own universe but
with the sun and the planets
and everything, the animal
kingdom, the plant kingdom,
mineral kingdoms.
And to me, it seems to
be incredible arrogance
to think that they
can reverse engineer
that so it can actually house
that kind of consciousness.
>>HENRY: Well, and
here's the thing-
this is where it
gets kind of tricky-
is that this idea of
perfecting the human body
originates in Christianity.
>>REGINA: Well,
and now we're going
to get into that
part of the story.
I have a ton of questions.
Why don't you
launch in and then,
I'm just going to augment what
you say with more questions.
>>HENRY: The traditional
Judeo-Christian view
is that Adam and Eve
dwelt in a perfect place.
The esoteric view says that
perfect place was on Earth
but we were not originally
in flesh and blood bodies.
We were light beings.
We are ephemeral light beings.
Then after the fall, when
we're evicted from Eden,
this is when the Old Testament
God Yahweh gives humans
coats of skin.
Traditional--
>>REGINA: Vulnerable,
vulnerability.
>>HENRY: Exactly and
traditional Christianity
says the coats of skin might
have been animal skins,
like cow skin or lamb skin.
But the esoteric side of Judaism
says, no, it's human skin.
>>REGINA: They took on
masks, physical masks.
>>HENRY: Exactly and ever since
our eviction from Eden, that
fall, we've been
trying to reclaim
our original perfection,
so Christianity, Judaism
and Christianity are driven by
the idea that we're sinners.
>>REGINA: The fall from grace.
We're sinners and we
have to work our way back
into some state of perfection.
>>HENRY: Right
and to be a sinner
means you are not in your
light body, your glory
body, your resurrection body.
So for nearly 2,000
years, Christians
have been trying to
reclaim our original divine
light being status and this
is what drives transhumanism.
And this is the reason why
this technology comes out
of the West and not out of
China, Japan, Africa, India,
or any other place
because they don't
have this drive for perfection.
And so historically,
this really started
to ramp up in the Middle Ages.
>>REGINA: And this
is based on the fact
there is no recognition
of the soul,
actually, in this process.
There's lip service to the word.
There is no recognition of
what that force even means.
>>HENRY: Right, exactly.
It's just all about reclaiming
our original perfection.
Exactly.
And so in the Middle
Ages, you started
to have monasteries led
by the Franciscans mostly,
that promoted the idea that
technology was a gift from God
because technology
gave us free time.
Free time to do what?
>>REGINA: We're talking
about plows, right?
>>HENRY: Exactly.
It was the invention of the
plow because before that, we
had to toil in the fields
for hours upon hours.
But when a plow was
invented that could
be pulled by multiple oxen,
now, all of a sudden, our output
went up dramatically, as did
our free time and our ability
to investigate,
meditate, whatever to try
to reclaim our perfection.
So this is where the idea
starts coming into play
that technology can actually
be good for us and is,
in fact, a gift from God.
The next major invention a
lot of people would argue
is the printing press
but it was actually
eyeglasses because
with eyeglasses
came this idea that we can
augment the human body--
>>REGINA: Through technology.
>>HENRY: Through technology
and improve God's creation.
The Church's position would
have been, how dare you.
If God wanted you to
have a good set of eyes,
he would have given
you a good set of eyes?
Who are you to challenge
God's authority?
So that was an ethical argument
that went on for a long time.
>>REGINA: Seriously?
>>HENRY: Seriously
and now, eyeglasses
are everywhere, right?
And now we're dramatically
way on down the line.
>>REGINA: Corneal implants.
Yeah contact lenses.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
You know, Google's got
their new Magic Leap.
They put a billion
dollars-- you'll
go to Best Buy or something like
that, have your lens removed.
They'll poor a liquid
in your eye socket
that's loaded with electronics,
a battery, a radio,
and now you'll be able
to see in the dark.
You'll be able to
record video 24/7.
>>REGINA: Certainly
better than 20/20.
>>HENRY: Oh, my gosh.
It's unreal.
But with this super vision
that we're going to get from
this comes supervision.
>>REGINA: Absolutely
>>HENRY: Control.
>>REGINA: Control.
Because this is
two-way technology.
>>HENRY: Totally and
that's the danger here.
So the question
then becomes where
is the line between augmenting
the body, wearing eyeglasses,
and retinal implants that
just completely get rid
of any iPhone, get rid
of your desktop computer?
That's their plan.
Is that it'll just
be in your eye.
And with their Magic
Leap technology,
Google says, OK,
what we're going
to do is you're going to
augment your reality now.
We're going to be
able to superimpose
any image we want
on this reality
through this lens
implanted in your retina.
So you won't ever have a desktop
computer after say, 2020.
It's all going to be implanted.
>>REGINA: Will we have a choice?
>>HENRY: That's the question.
For now, we do have a choice.
But the danger is,
is that this is
going to be mandated,
that we're going
be start to seeing the real
teeth come out of things
like Obamacare and other
government programs that
mandate the implantation
of these chips.
Right now, all our
medical records, by law,
have to be digitized.
The next step is, is that they
are implanted in your body.
All these refugees, they all
are carrying biometric cards.
Many of them are
probably already chipped.
>>REGINA: Chipped.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: I was wondering,
have you heard anything
about chipping programs
for the refugees.
>>HENRY: I have.
I don't have direct
evidence of it
but I know that the biometrics
are really important
and they are being given cards.
I wouldn't be at all
surprised if they're,
in fact, being shipped.
>>REGINA: So you're
talking also,
throughout the Bible are
sprinkled various phrases
and let's talk about
some of those races,
including a light body
prophecy, machine man, all
of these different references
throughout the Bible.
And as you were researching
it, how you interpreted them
and how this relates
to transhumanism.
>>HENRY: Here's how it relates.
The Christian prophecy,
which goes in one direction,
it begins in Eden and ends
in the Book of Revelation
with Armageddon, the apocalypse,
and the second coming, Judgment
Day.
At Judgment Day is when we have
the second coming of Christ.
And at that time, according
to Christian prophecy,
our bodies are going
to be transfigured.
In the blink of an eye, in
the twinkling of an eye,
we're going to be transformed.
Our bodies are going
to be identical to,
they're going to mirror the
Resurrection body of Christ.
The Resurrection
body of Christ is not
in a flesh and blood form.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HENRY: It's a light--
>>REGINA: It's an energy form.
>>HENRY: It's an energy form.
And this is what
drives Christianity
is that one day we will be
like the resurrected Christ.
And not only that, but we will
live in a new Kingdom of Heaven
spread out on the Earth.
A new Earth will take
place of the old Earth.
So how does this relate
to transhumanism?
When you follow the
ultimate extension
of the point of
view of transhumans,
they say, well, the
human body is fragile.
It's got all kinds of issues.
Let's augment it.
Let's improve it.
Let's perfect it.
But then beyond that, they
say, well, wait a minute.
Why do you want one of
these things anyway?
You really don't need
a flesh and blood body,
even if it is chock full
of electronics and computer
technology, digital technology.
What you really want
is an avatar body,
a light body that lives in our
new simulated reality built
by our new supercomputer that's
going to make this reality
look like a slum.
So what they're going to
try to do is convince you--
and they're already in
the process of doing this.
>>REGINA: They're
already playing
with this with VR
technology to get
people used to this
Eden-type of environment.
And sex with any
beautiful woman you want.
>>HENRY: You got it.
>>REGINA: And yeah.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
That's the real carrot.
Here kitty, kitty.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
really, I think,
what's driving VR is sex.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
There's no question about it.
And so this is their
vision is they're
going to create this new Earth,
where you will be inhabiting
it, not in your
flesh and blood body
but in an uploaded
version of yourself.
Where they will be
able to take a mind
map, a neural map of the
contents of your brain,
upload it into your
holographic avatar that
can be male, female, animal,
divine, whatever you want
and you will then live in
that simulated reality.
That is a fulfillment of
this Christian prophecy
of a new Earth and dwelling in
this new Earth and new light
bodies.
>>REGINA: Do you
think-- well, OK I'm
going to get to something
that Paul said because now, we
get into the interface
of different kinds
of consciousness trying
to have an influence
over our consciousness
on planet Earth, OK?
So before I ask
that, do you think
that was some kind of
prophecy or was it, perhaps,
an alert or what?
>>HENRY: I definitely
think it was an alert.
What we're talking
about is a letter
that Paul-- it was in
Rome 62 AD, in prison.
He writes a letter to the
people of Ephesus Turkey,
the Ephesians.
It's called the
Book of Ephesians.
And he warns about an
extraterrestrial power.
He refers to as the power
of the air or the powers,
who are also referred
to as the Archons.
Lots of data now
about the Archons.
>>REGINA: Well, let's
talk about it some.
>>HENRY: Yeah, there's
perspectives-- John Lash
and others believe the Archons
are potentially the Grey
aliens, non-biological beings.
They're partially biological,
partially machine beings,
transhuman beings who don't
have souls and seek human souls.
And they seek to
do anything they
can to take our souls from us.
>>REGINA: Now, the Reptilians
are involved in that
too, right?
>>HENRY: Well that's--
>>REGINA: According to
Lash, it plays in there.
>>HENRY: It gets a little--
>>REGINA: And who knows?
We don't really know
the different realms
that are playing with this one.
>>HENRY: Right.
No, we don't know if the
Archons and the Reptilians
are the same or their
actual relationship.
But Paul clearly
spells out this warning
in the Book of Ephesians to
say, watch out for these Archons
and these powers that
come from other worlds.
They want our souls.
And he has a remedy for it.
He tells us that the way
we can protect ourselves
is by augmenting the body.
By putting on, what he calls
the crown of salvation,
the breastplate
of righteousness,
the belt of truth,
the sandals of peace,
and the sword of faith.
Higher attributes, virtues.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
Are they?
Or are these actual
physical objects
he's telling us to go acquire?
My answer is they're
psychospiritual attributes.
>>REGINA: They're
psychospiritual, yeah.
>>HENRY: He's telling
us to augment it
by tapping into our--
awakening our crown chakra.
>>REGINA: Our higher virtues.
>>HENRY: Exactly, opening the
heart chakra, speaking truth.
The belt of truth
is exactly that.
It's not something
we have to go get.
>>REGINA: But do you think that
other communities are looking
at this as physical technology?
>>HENRY: Absolutely,
especially when
you talk about the Jewish
high priest in Jerusalem
that people are
anticipating a second coming
and so they're trying to go
find the actual breastplate
of righteousness and
the crown of salvation.
>>REGINA: Oh, sure some
of Google's technologists
can create it.
>>HENRY: Right, they think
they're actual power tools.
But these are
psychospiritual attributes
that are developed
from within us,
that everybody can
activate from within.
And so clearly, if
you're looking for them
as exterior power
tools, it's going
to take you down one path.
But if you're looking
at it internally,
it's going to take
you down another path.
And clearly, we want to
go down the internal path.
We don't need this
technology in order
to be able to do all the
things that our technology is
making it so easy for us to do.
>>REGINA: Absolutely not.
And you say that this
heavenly realm written about,
including the Archons is
also in the Nag Hammadi.
>>HENRY: Yes, absolutely.
This is the basis for
all the Gnostic texts,
is this new Kingdom of
Heaven and this new Earth,
as well as the emergence
of a perfect man.
This is the term
they keep using.
But when you, as
I have done, gone
through these various traditions
and tried to understand
what is the perfect human?
Well, the word perfect
in this context
means whole, holy, and complete.
So it doesn't mean
that we're going
to augment ourselves through
some kind of Google technology
and become perfect.
Rather, it's a state within
us that everybody can acquire.
The state of wholeness
and holiness.
And every spiritual
tradition talks
about the emergence of a
perfect human being, who
is not a flesh and blood being.
They all agree
that the human body
was designed for ascension.
It was designed to be spun
into a vortex of energy that
ultimately manifests
as five-colored rainbow
light, which they
call the rainbow body.
>>REGINA: When the time comes.
When a person has reached that
point in their own evolution.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
But along the way, there have
been many gurus and avatars
that have attained the
status to show us the way.
And something that I
find very interesting
is that when you look into the
Dead Sea Scrolls, for example,
of the Essenes,
they were clearly
part of this program that
was trying to infuse humanity
with a, call it a higher
vibrational being,
a new way of living.
They believed that humans
could transform into angels
and that the angels had
come to Earth to show humans
how to scale the
evolutionary ladder.
And not through technology but
through psychospiritual means.
>>REGINA: And if you look into
the people-- it's interesting.
There was a site
called intelligence.org
that was about the-- I
mean, it was essentially
featuring the movement in
the transhuman community
scientifically out of MIT.
That whole site's different now.
I'm not recognizing anything
like it was two years ago.
So I don't know what's
happened, whether it's
been given an upgrade, like
a marketing upgrade or what
because of scandal.
But what I'm saying
is, I think, that most
of the people involved are
probably atheistic and agnostic
and so therefore, fear
their own immortality
and that's what's driving it.
>>HENRY: And that
was another reason
I wrote this book
is to say, look,
if you're involved in
these technologies,
if you're part of the Digerati,
as they're called, in Silicon
Valley or Shanghai or Tokyo
or wherever, you should
know that there's a
timeline that all of this
has been following.
And that this isn't
necessarily the first step
in the transformation
of humanity.
It's one of many steps
that we've been taking.
And if they can understand it
in a historical and especially
a spiritual context,
maybe they'll
back off on the assault
on the human body
and also on all of humanity.
I mean, their goal is to
turn us into smart things.
And by smart, I don't
mean more intelligent
or having a higher IQ but rather
a two-way communication system.
>>REGINA: Programmable.
>> HENRY: Programmable,
watchable,
just like your toaster
or your microwave oven
or your refrigerator.
20 years ago there were
maybe a billion smart things
on the planet.
By 2020 there will be
50 billion smart things,
all interconnected
on something they
call the internet of things
or the planetary skin,
where the whole planet
will be networked together.
And in fact, this
is Google's promise,
that if you will
ultimately subscribe
to what they call their
synthetic neocortex problem--
>>REGINA: Program.
>>HENRY: Program.
Yeah, it is a problem.
Sorry.
>>REGINA: It is a problem.
>>HENRY: But Google
plans to create
this synthetic
neocortex, where they'll
sprinkle smart dust
in your neocortex
and every single
person on the planet
will automatically be connected.
That's Mark Zuckerberg's
goal from Facebook
as well, to have every single
human being on the planet
online together.
And the thing is that many
of these people that they're
trying to get online
don't have a toilet
and don't have clean water.
>>REGINA: They
have smart phones.
>>HENRY: But they
So here somebody,
somewhere has decided
that implantation of technology
and bringing people online
supersedes the need for
clean water and sanitation.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, and I
would lay money again back
to the point I just made.
Ask any of these
people if they have
any understanding of an
aspect of their being
that transcends physical meat.
I'm guessing the
answer will be no.
>>HENRY: I would
agree with that.
>>REGINA: They do not
believe they have a soul.
>>HENRY: I would
agree with that.
>>REGINA: So there's
everything in it.
They've got the money, the
technology, the research,
the means, to be able
to create this vehicle.
And if you think
you're expiring anyway,
what's to lose in
just transferring
whatever kind of
brain mapping patterns
over into a nonphysical
object, so to speak.
What's to lose, from that
point of view, right?
>>HENRY: From their point of
view, your soul is not some--
>>REGINA: You don't have one.
>>HENRY: Well, it's
the accumulation
of every keystroke you put on
Facebook, every recorded phone
conversation that Prism has
recorded, that's your soul.
That's it.
>>REGINA: I know
that's why-- but they
have the political power.
They have the military power.
They have the power over
research at the universities.
They have the money.
They don't have power over
any one of us individually
but they have power
over all the systems
to create this horribly
atheistic, in the densest sense
of the word, agenda.
>>HENRY: This is the
globalist utopia.
They call this transnationalism.
And as I mentioned,
transnationalism, transhumanism
are intertwined.
You can't have the
globalist agenda.
UN 2030 is every bit
of this, where you will
live in a borderless world.
There will be no borders.
There will be no gender either.
Because ultimately, their vision
is for you to be androgynous.
>>REGINA: Well, we're
leading that way anyway.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
John Kerry gave a commencement
address back in May
to a university up
in Massachusetts.
Let me take you into the future.
There's no borders and
there are no nations.
It's just one world.
And now, that sounds really nice
as long as we love each other.
>>REGINA: Not if it's
through chip technology
because we're all
being tracked anyway.
>>HENRY: But you cannot
accomplish the globalist agenda
without transhumanism.
It is not going to happen.
And so that's why
they're intertwined
but they don't tell you that.
They paint this
vision that everybody
wants to do away with America
and everybody join the EU
or join the United
Nations Agenda 2030.
But they don't tell
you the cost of that
is going to be
ultimately, the infusion
of our flesh with
this technology
and the mandating of
chipping of everybody.
That's the only way
it's going to work.
>>REGINA: No, your right,
practically speaking,
functionally speaking.
And functionally speaking,
I had an experience
with what you write about,
called the smart dust.
First, explain what you
know of it as smart dust
and then I'll tell you.
And I have not talked
about it before.
>>HENRY: Smart dust is tiny
microscopic bits of silicon
that will be sprinkled
into your neocortex, that
can be in the air all around
you or you're inhaling it.
And suddenly, it
activates your neocortex.
It synchs you up with
a computer somewhere,
makes you watchable,
programmable,
and in every way, an automaton.
>>REGINA: So OK, thank you for
explaining that and setting it
up for our viewers.
So I was at a dicey place to
be to begin with, you know.
No one should hang
out at Conspiracy Con.
Not in my field,
not in your field
when you talk about edgy
subject matter like this.
And I was there and
I was, at that time,
I was actually spending
time at that conference
with David Icke, all right?
So you're already--
he's high profile.
I'm below that but nonetheless,
we're-- you have a lot
of intelligence agencies
attending these events and you
have a lot of their
agents of different kinds.
And I had heard this
talk on smart dust.
And I thought, wow,
that's insidious.
Completely invisible,
you would never know.
And I had an experience
where this woman came up
to me, when I was separated
from everyone else,
threw arms around me.
And I'm a pretty friendly type.
Oh, hi, you know.
Hug back.
Big hugs and started telling me
this kind of cockamamie story.
And then I saw this
man come up behind her
and he had his arms folded and
his eyes looked very slightly
one way and the other.
Oh, and then my husband came
and saved me from all that.
And I thought, he looks more
like a handler than a husband.
And so anyway, I
was compassionate.
Well, your story--
I don't think you
should tell your
story at this time.
I think you should sleep on
it for maybe months because it
could cause you some problems.
Oh, well, OK, can I call you?
Well, sure, this
is my phone number.
I'm so open.
It's so stupid in this
industry to be open.
And anyway, right after that,
I thought, oh, something just
occurred here.
I've been had but I don't
know how and I don't know
how it's going to show up later.
Anyone can get my phone number.
So it started about 24 hours
later but I tracked this woman
and watched what she was
doing at this conference.
She was going up to
Jordan Maxwell, a couple
other people that were
speakers at that event that are
high-profile, edgy material.
And each time she was
a different person.
And then I realized, this is
an MKUltra model that NSA,
whatever agency,
whoever knows, is using.
And I've been had by her.
And I thought, damn.
So then it starts, where
thoughts that are not your own
starts transmitting
into my mind.
And I know my mind really well
and I know the range of thought
I have and don't have and these
were nothing to do with me.
Very violent images of
men doing torturous things
and even killing each
other in interesting ways.
And it would come in,
almost zing in on the hour.
And I thought,
that's what happened
and whether it was a dust.
It was a very, very
advanced technology
of some kind that interfaces
with the neocortex.
And the only way--
it took two weeks
and I started becoming nervous
because it was even intruding
into dream time
and I thought, I've
got to find my way out of this.
And the only way
out was through,
I had to go into deep meditation
and do a little thing that
shifted my brain wave patterns.
>>HENRY: There you go.
>>REGINA: And I was
able, with the help
of my own self, my true
self, maybe some guides,
I was able to do that.
The complex of all of me was
able to shift my brain wave
patterns out of
the Hertz frequency
they were inputting data in.
But I can say firsthand, that's
why I've never talked about it.
It's really creepy stuff.
But that's the only way
to find your way out
is through consciousness.
And they're doing this to people
certainly in this community
but all over.
As you say, this can even
start going in test groups
mainstream, where
you're programming
this information directly into
people's brains, these images.
It's awful.
>>HENRY: It is.
They can edit your
thoughts by remote control
and that's what you experienced.
And you also found the solution.
That we have to go within,
develop our meditation
abilities and it's
mind over matter.
It's the only way
to overcome this.
And that's my rule for people.
If they're contemplating
maybe getting a pacemaker
or augmenting
themselves in some way,
is if you believe in the power
of your mind over matter,
if you can control
matter with your mind,
then you might consider this
but only in a life and death
circumstance.
Otherwise, do not let them break
the skin barrier because once
you make that
choice, then you've
opened yourself up to total
control by some third party.
It can be a corporation
or a government.
Actually, they're both the same
thing now, aren't they anyway?
>>REGINA: Yeah, they
pretty much are.
Corporatocracy, as John
Perkins calls it, aptly so.
So let's take the story
back just a little bit
again because we kind of got
through the Christian part
of it but the
intelligentsia in Britain
were a huge part of this.
Let's talk about some
of the foretelling.
They were looking at it as
the salvation of humanity.
Again, which is kind of odd.
Francis Bacon?
Because he has a fairly
highly developed,
seems very highly developed
spiritual essence.
Let's talk about his part in it.
Isaac Newton, let's
go back into this.
>>HENRY: Yeah, this is a
very fascinating history.
After the time of Francis
Bacon, early 13th century,
is when you have a real
acceleration in this belief
that these technological
advancements, the plows,
the mechanical clocks,
eyeglasses, and so forth,
are actually gifts
from God, intended
to help us to attain or regain
our state of perfection.
The next big player in
this is Sir Francis Bacon,
who, in his writings,
talked about the perfection
of humanity once again and
envisioned a new civilization.
He called it the new Atlantis.
And he pictured
a group of elders
that would utilize this advanced
technology for the purpose
of the advancement of humanity.
And many people believe
that the New Atlantis wasn't
going to take place in Britain.
It was, in fact, going
to take place in America.
So when the Puritans
were coming over here
in the 16th and
17th century, they
were bringing these
ideas with them.
That we're coming to this
new promised land, America.
We're bringing
technology with us.
We're going to conquer nature.
We're going to accelerate
our development.
We're coming to a
land where we're
free of the popes, the
priests, politicians, and pimps
and we can do whatever
we want spiritually.
And so now, they
have this new ethos,
the American dream and that
anybody can become anything
and especially with
technology as our tool,
we can make anything happen.
>>REGINA: Now, he is
credited with also
writing the popular King
James version of the Bible.
>>HENRY: Yes, he is.
That's right.
>>REGINA: Let's look
at how his version
of the Bible and this
technologically fit together.
>>HENRY: Right, right.
I mean, where are
these guys coming from?
>>REGINA: I mean,
he's a brilliant man.
He's credited with a lot
of brilliant understandings
he put forth.
But still, where in the
New Atlantis-- I mean,
do you see that as direct
referencing to transhumanism
as it turns out?
>>HENRY: Well, as
it turns out, he
couldn't have envisioned
transhumanism at that time.
The meshing of our
flesh with technology
was not then on the
table now but that's
where we were ultimately
going with this.
Because remember, the goal
has been for 5,000 years,
is to attain this
ascended state,
to transform the body,
to perfect the body,
and especially to
transcend our skin.
The skin is the problem.
>>REGINA: That's why you
call it "The Skingularity."
>>HENRY: That's why I
call it "The Skingularity"
because the meshing--
>>REGINA: Because that's a play
on Kurzweil's "The Singularity
is Near," yes.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
Exactly.
And it's all aimed at
transcending the skin
and transforming the skin.
>>REGINA: As the
housing of the body.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
And it's the skin barrier
that is the thing.
We're experiencing it today
with all the racial tension
in America.
It's about the color
of skin and really it's
like, you guys, that's
so primitive compared
to what is actually
happening in our world.
You're worried about race?
Have you looked at what's
going on in Silicon Valley?
Because race simply
will not be an issue.
>>REGINA: Oh, no, not at all.
And we're going to
move forward to what's
happening in Silicon Valley with
the Google boys and so forth.
But let's go to Isaac
Newton and his part in it.
>>HENRY: Yeah, Newton
believes that he's
a prophet, if not a messiah.
And he, too,
subscribes to this idea
that we're to attain the
perfection of our body.
He's one of the great experts on
the Book of Revelation as well.
He spent half his
life studying alchemy
and decoding the
Book of Revelation
and trying to bring about--
>>REGINA: So what was
his take on Revelations?
>>HENRY: He believed that he
was living in an end time, where
they were going to attain
the New Jerusalem, where
this celestial city
would come out of the sky
and these advanced human
beings would dwell amongst us
and show us how to become
citizens of the New Jerusalem.
And it sounds an awful lot
like some kind of spaceship
that they believe is going
to be parked over first,
Jerusalem at the time of Jesus.
And then, over Britain,
which they believe
was the New Jerusalem
at that time.
But really it's all about--
and here's the key-- in order
to enter the New
Jerusalem, you have
to be dressed appropriately.
You have to be wearing
your robe of light.
And so here is
this understanding,
again, that our flesh and
blood form is not the way
we want to remain.
We want to transcend this form.
We want to put on
our light body.
We want to become
ephemeral light beings,
just like the dwellers
of the celestial regions,
the celestial city, the
New Jerusalem, or Zion.
>>REGINA: And also,
my understanding
as part of this desire of
the transhuman movement
is to create a body invulnerable
to other environments.
In other words, to
plant and colonize, even
in other star systems
or on other planets.
>>HENRY: Here's the thing, the
Bible says the flesh and blood
cannot inherit the
Kingdom of Heaven.
There's a boundary and
this was the big problem
in the ancient world.
And this is where the
watcher angels came down
and they broke
through that boundary
and they started taking
humans across that boundary.
And people were like,
hey, what are you doing?
Only God's supposed to
be able to tell you when
you can cross that boundary.
NASA had to have learned about
this early, maybe the Roswell
crash, where we allegedly
recover this crashed disk
and there's non-biological
entities aboard that craft.
It's not long after
that, that NASA
starts writing research
papers that if we're
going to go into space,
we're going to have to become
a different form of being.
And they coined a word, cyborg.
>>REGINA: I was just going
to bring that up next, yes.
>>HENRY: NASA realized by 1962--
>>REGINA: What is their
definition of a cyborg?
>>HENRY: A half human,
half machine, is a cyborg.
And NASA realized that in
order to get off this rock,
we're going to have
to do something
different with this human body.
And apparently,
allegedly, by looking
at these recovered bodies
at Roswell, they're saying,
OK, these are robots.
There they're not
entirely organic.
They're maybe partially
organic but in order
to survive in space, we're going
to have to augment the body.
Because the human body is only
able to assimilate something
like 20 elements on
the periodic table.
That's very limiting when
you get out into space.
We need a body that can go
assimilate over 100 elements
if we're going to survive.
And this is something
NASA has realized.
So it's actually
NASA that started
promoting the idea
of transhumanism
and turning humans into
cyborgs as early as 1962.
This is way before the iPhone.
This is way before
artificial hearts.
artificial skin
but they're already
working on it.
And so perhaps, they had
a lot more technology
back then than they
were making publicly--
>>REGINA: Well, I
mean that's what's
been said, that the military
hidden programs, dark programs
are 50 to 100 years in
advance technologically.
So this is what's being broken
in the news what has already
been accomplished
behind the scenes.
>>HENRY: Precisely.
And now, let's go back to
globalism for a moment.
Elon Musk and others
are saying, oh, well, we
want to be globalist
because then we
can become an interplanetary
or multiplanetary society.
Well, OK, then you must realize
that our flesh and blood bodies
are not going into space.
So somewhere in their thinking,
if they haven't already, then
very quickly they're
going to realize,
that in order for humanity
to become interplanetary
or multiplanetary, we will
no longer be human beings.
We will go into
space as transhumans.
But we won't go much further
than the moon or possibly
Mars as human beings.
It's not going to happen.
>>REGINA: And it's been thought
that he is working in alignment
with the government very
closely on these programs
because it's going to be
privatized in the end anyway.
>>HENRY: Well, absolutely.
So they must know this
and all of these people,
the politicians that
promote globalism,
they have to know this.
If they don't, then
they're negligent.
They're just mouthing
off words that they
don't know the meaning of
or the full implications of.
>>REGINA: The implication that
we have Google Glass, that we
have this skin, what is it?
You were talking
about something that
had been-- the nature of the
skin that had been developed
and what it's capable of.
Can you talk about
that a little bit?
Because I really want to
understand what's public
and what's coming out
publicly and understanding.
Advance that 50
years or 100 years,
that's what's happening
behind the scenes.
>>HENRY: Right now, when you
want to check your email,
you take out your iPhone and you
put it in the palm of your hand
and you scroll through it.
Imagine getting rid of that and
using your arm as the computer
pad and you're just
interacting with your arm.
You're going to see something
projected on your skin.
So that's one take on this.
Another take is that, through
Google, their Magic Leap,
you'll have the retinal
implant and it will all
be projected all around you.
So you won't have your
desktop computer anymore.
You won't have your
iPhone anymore.
It will probably implanted in
your ear, possibly your tooth
and you will just
simply be wired.
You'll be a smart thing,
just like your toaster
or your microwave oven,
where 24/7, you'll be online.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about it.
Let's go further now,
into the implications
of this on a personal level.
You mentioned pacemakers
at the top of the show,
let me write this
down for a second.
And we're looking
at simpler things.
I mean, we're looking at
repair from the inside.
We're looking at nanobots.
Let's talk about
nanobot technology
because people
need to understand,
you may have these
choices to make
and how far are you willing
to go to extend physical life?
So tell us all about the nanobot
industry, what they're already
capable of.
>>HENRY: What they're
already capable--
and this has been
shown in mice already.
That they can take a needle,
implant it into a mouse.
Tiny nanobots, microscopic, put
10,000 of these little robots
on the top of--
>>REGINA: That are programmed.
>>HENRY: That are programmed.
Put them on top of a pencil.
You can't even see them.
They would patrol
your bloodstream,
patrol your arteries.
If they see any problems, it's
going to report back to HQ.
HQ's going to say, OK,
well, either release
this drug into the arteries
or somehow clean them out.
>>REGINA: And the nanobots
are programmed to actually do
these things, these tasks?
Not just feed back information
but two-way communication?
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So are
they're feeding back
the mathematical information
of these corrections?
>>HENRY: Some of
it's even visual.
>>REGINA: And visual.
OK, and visual even.
So it doesn't have to
be an actual substance
that we're taking by way
of popping pills anymore.
>>HENRY: No, no, not at all.
No, you'll have these--
and this is, in fact, this
is one of Google's dreams.
You'll wear what's called
a nanonutrient garment.
Every orifice of your
body, all 10 of them,
are fair game to Silicon
Valley right now.
Anyway they can get
inside your body,
they are working on
technology right now to do so.
And in Kurzweil's book,
"The Singularity is Near,"
he talks about
their ultimate dream
is you'll wear this nanonutrient
garment that will, from now on,
patrol the inside of your body,
looking for any irregularities.
Anything that is found will
be cleaned up or treated
by some kind of pharmaceutical.
And this is where suddenly,
people get excited
because wait a minute, this
is how Google transitions
from a search engine to a
company that is in actuality
in the immortality
business and they
promise that you can live
to be 200 to 500 years old.
But what's the trade off?
The trade off of is that
there's a computer in Mountain
View, California that knows
exactly where you are,
what you're thinking even before
you do and will be ultimately,
in total control
of your well-being
and we'll certainly be
limiting you in any way
that they potentially can.
That's the danger of it.
>>REGINA: Indeed, and in
their case, their wives--
I don't know if they're still
wives or ex-wives-- 23andMe,
both of the men are married
to the two partners of 23andMe
the two women are,
where freely for $89
giving all of our DNA
information to them.
And that, I'm wondering
what is the interface
between the amount of DNA
those women have gathered
on all of us,
voluntarily, for profit,
feeding back into the
system that the Google
boys and their DARPA
partners are creating?
>>HENRY: Yeah, exactly.
I don't know what
the end game is.
I don't know if it's ultimately
to entice us into our avatar
bodies, the holographic
bodies and just completely do
away with our physical
existence altogether.
I don't know if ultimately,
it's some giant soul snatching
program.
Maybe they're the good guys.
Maybe they've got
it all figured out
and they've got a way that all
nine billion of us in 10 years
will ultimately be able to live
to be 300, 400, 500 years old.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
but wait a minute.
OK, it doesn't work like that.
These are expensive
technologies.
These aren't intended for us.
>>HENRY: No, no, no, no,
Kurzweil, himself says,
last year, by 2020,
these technologies
will be 10,000 times more
powerful and far less expensive
than you think.
They'll be cheap.
It will be ubiquitous.
Everybody will want it
and be able to have it.
>>REGINA: OK, so this brings
up much larger issues.
A planet with no
disease, a planet
where bodies live
300 years or longer--
>>HENRY: No wonder we've got
to go into other planets.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
The planet with these
kinds of resources.
What could possibly be driving
this, in the larger sense,
to keep human beings on
the planet that long,
rather than the elite keeping
themselves on the planet
that long?
How are the rest of
the human species
useful to them in that way?
>>HENRY: Well, let's go
back to our Archons, right?
Then the theory is
that the Archons
are harvesting something
from these human batteries.
Loosh is a substance
that's mentioned.
>>REGINA: Talk about Loosh.
>>HENRY: Loosh is a
spiritual substance
that's sort of like crack
cocaine in other regions of the
galaxy.
They harvest it
from the human body
and distribute to
regions of the galaxy
where they don't
have fear, basically.
And so perhaps that's
the endgame here.
Is to enhance--
>>REGINA: Keep the
humans alive long
enough and populated in
enough different places
that that realm or
dimension of beings
can have access to
these substances.
For what?
For their sustenance?
>>HENRY: Addictions, perhaps.
These are all suppositions.
>>REGINA: I mean, if you
take pure fear, that's
an adrenaline rush.
>>HENRY: Absolutely, absolutely.
And if fear doesn't exist in
other realms or other planets,
then, hey, you've got
yourself a rare commodity
if people can get
addicted to it as we are.
>>REGINA: Because
it's really not
making any sense that
the quote, "power elite,"
who believe they have
ultimate power over all of us
would keep the species
intact and alive.
Because essentially what
you're talking about
these nanobots is something as
profound as the end of cancer,
for one.
>>HENRY: In our
generation, yeah.
End of all disease.
>>REGINA: End of all disease.
>>HENRY: And also,
the accentuation
of superhuman powers
where everybody will have
vastly advanced intelligence.
And that's Google's
promise that if you
will take their
smart dust and get
with the synthetic
neural cortex program,
you will have the brain
capacity not of one human
but of seven billion humans.
To me, this is
sort of like Satan
taking Jesus up to the top
of the tower and saying,
this can all be yours.
But what's the cost going to be?
The cost will be your free will.
The cost will be ultimately,
potentially, your soul.
That's what is ultimately
on the line here.
Because again, they don't
believe you have a soul.
They believe your soul is
the accumulation everything
that PRISM's recorded and
the NSA is listening in on.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's what I was just
going to ask you about next.
Explain PRISM.
>>HENRY: Yeah, well, PRISM is
a NSA program based in Utah,
where they record every
keystroke, every Google
search, every online activity
you have is recorded forever.
And the US government
has access to that data
and they believe it's
public because they get it
before it goes to Google
or Yahoo or other places.
They think it's all
public information.
>>REGINA: And the
implications are interesting
there because that's where the
work of Cliff High and others
come in because
they're able to do
this en masse at a degree beyond
what Cliff and others can do.
To read these mass algorithms
of our collective psyche
and that's really-- it's
not so much-- I don't think
it's so much about
collecting individual data,
unless you're a
person of interest
and there aren't that
many people of interest,
honestly, on the planet to them.
But it's of great
interest that they
collect our collective fears,
understandings, beliefs,
reactions in particular,
problem reaction solution,
as David Icke would put it.
>>HENRY: Right.
Yeah, a couple of things.
First of all, this
is Judgment Day
because the Book of Revelation
says that at Judgment Day
every errant word you've
spoken will be accounted for.
>>REGINA: Oh, that
puts a new spin on it.
>>HENRY: So be careful where
you're searching online, right?
You will be accountable.
>>REGINA: And what
you're saying online.
>>HENRY: And what
And two, it suggests some
kind of massive experiment.
That we're being
monitored and tested
by some exterior
or external agency,
probably extraplanetary
that is driving all of this
to see what we'll do with it.
>>REGINA: So that's where, when
we look to the world of sci-fi,
which has been
heavily programmed,
give us an idea
of what you would
look to as say, books or
films, which are basically
interrupters of this.
That would say
people, pay attention.
Wake up.
I mean, we know that "Animal
Farm" was one, right?
As it turns out, it
was a warning, right?
But what are some others in
more modern times that you
would turn to to say,
this is the message.
People, wake up.
And then I would
say, well, how did
they ever get funding in
Hollywood with that message?
>>HENRY: I can't think of
one, to be honest with you.
I really can't think of one.
>>REGINA: No disrupters.
>>HENRY: No, no.
They're all painting
this vision of how great
it's going to be in a way with
a little bit of subtext that
isn't this awful.
But at the same time, there's a
message that it's unstoppable.
What I think we need is
a clear demonstration
in film of the alternative
view, of how the human body can
be transformed.
>>REGINA: How the
human psyche can
be-- how the human
capability, across the board,
can be transformed just by
connection with the highest
aspect of our own intelligence.
>>HENRY: In my
opinion, I'll tell you
who has the greatest
opportunity right now
to do this very thing
I'm talking about.
>>REGINA: Who?
>>HENRY: Mel Gibson.
>>REGINA: Tell me why.
>>HENRY: Because he's
doing it in a new film
called, "Resurrection."
It's the sequel
to "The Passion."
>>REGINA: Is he getting
back in Hollywood
after all the kerfuffle there?
>>HENRY: Supposedly, yeah.
That's the idea.
And so, I'm looking
at that saying, wow.
OK, if Mel Gibson-- in
"Passion of the Christ,"
he gave us a visceral experience
of the suffering, right?
What if I could
have lunch with them
and show him a slideshow of
the illumination of Christ?
After the Crucifixion
comes Resurrection.
And what if he could somehow
transmit the power of love
through this movie
and you have hundreds
of millions of people that
go and experience what
it's like for a human
to dissolve into light
and to manifest their original
spiritual essence of love.
That would be a
profound experience
and that's a
profound opportunity
that he has right
there at his fingertips
to be able to show that.
And with the technology
we have today even going
into a virtual reality sense, it
would be a stunner, absolutely
a stunner.
>>REGINA: It would
be, and I would
say, through a slightly
different lens even, what
about the notion of activating
our connection with the highest
aspect of ourselves.
You can call it
a soul, a spirit,
that has all that knowledge
already embedded in it.
We have the knowledge embedded
if we really wanted it
for extreme longevity.
It's already there.
There are things we can do
even in this physical world.
There are ways the
mind, the thought forms
interface with the
physical reality
to change our-- miracles,
you see them all the time.
They're not miracles.
They're just part
of our potential
to live that incredibly
exquisite experience even
in the body while we're here.
>>HENRY: Well, and
that is what drives
my show on Gaia, "Arcanum."
This belief, this
understanding by artists,
however they knew it.
Art, especially images
of transfiguration,
or humans morphing into light,
can activate neurocenters
within our brain that can
trigger this transformation
within ourself.
This is not speculation.
This is neuroscience
that says this happens.
That when we're looking
at a piece of art,
of say, Jesus
transfiguring into light
or a Tibetan image
Padmasambhava, the guru,
manifesting the
rainbow body of light,
our neurocenters are firing
as if that is happening to us.
>>REGINA: Have you worked with
Joe Dispenza on any of this
yet?
>>HENRY: No, I would love to.
Oh, my gosh.
That's a dream.
>>REGINA: I'm just
suggesting because I have him
on now and then.
That might be great if you
two could interface on this.
>>HENRY: Oh, my gosh.
That would be a dream come true.
>>REGINA: Do it.
>>HENRY: I don't know the extent
of his work but what I've seen,
it's like,
>>REGINA: He can--
>>HENRY: Joe, he's --
>>REGINA: Hook him up.
>>HENRY: Yeah, he's got to
see this art because there's
a whole neuroscience here that
these PhD's and art history
know what is happening
internally as we're
looking at these images.
>>REGINA: They
have the capability
to look at the brain
mapping as it's happening
and the parts of
the brain firing up.
They can watch it
live, real time.
>>HENRY: So we can do this.
>>REGINA: A new
project, absolutely.
>>HENRY: Because
that's the solution.
>>REGINA: It is.
And things that
are as simple as--
and people think it shouldn't
be so simple but it is.
>>HENRY: It is that simple.
>>REGINA: A lot of people
don't understand the word love
really.
They know what
sentimentality means.
I love, chocolate ice cream.
That's desire.
But if you take the notions of
even two other things, which
interface with what you're
saying, beauty in all
forms and see that your life
includes beauty in all forms.
And then just took on the
discipline of compassion.
Between just those two
things alone, fear's
now out of the
picture pretty much.
>>HENRY: Yeah, I call it--
>>REGINA: We're not
so controllable.
>>HENRY: You're right.
I call it tapping our
ascension intelligence.
It's the antidote to
artificial intelligence.
Because as you climb
the ascension ladder
and you start to develop
the mindset of the avatars,
you're connecting with
the art or whoever,
you realize, I've just
transcended this technology.
I don't need that anymore.
I can do this.
Because what we're
trying to do is
mimic what the avatars
and angels were
doing with this technology.
>>REGINA: And we're
capable of it.
>>HENRY: And we're
capable of doing it.
So this is the answer.
>>REGINA: It is the answer.
I'm so lit up over
this conversation.
And I hope you and
Joe get together.
>>HENRY: Oh, I do, too.
>>REGINA: And Jeff Fanning.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm sure people here can
make that happen easily.
>>HENRY: That would be truly
a dream come true on my end,
to be able to show him
this and the evidence
that I've gathered.
Because he'll light up
and he'll absolutely know
exactly what to do with it.
>>REGINA: It's so exciting.
And thank you for
this and thank you
for being brave
enough to come on
and talk about this after
having been under fire
for being misrepresented
>>HENRY: Well, thank
you for the opportunity.
And thank you, everybody,
for participating today.
And now you're in.
Welcome and let's change it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It's within our power.
I'm so on board with you.
Thank you, William.
>>HENRY: Great, my pleasure.
>>REGINA: One only
knows how we're
going to respond
when our time comes
to make these kinds of
decisions about our own health
and well-being.
This is where spiritual
principals meet our desire
for immortality and more
accurately, our fear of death.
You can learn more by
going to William's site
at williamhenry.net.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us here on Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]